what's up guys it's me prints on the
tech prints and today I'm excited to
being the unboxing overview of the aces
VN 240 LCD monitor now there's a couple
things I want to talk about before the
video so I'll do that right now and one
the first thing I want to say is I got a
new haircut hopefully it looks nice but
more importantly right now CES is going
on and that
if you don't know is the Consumer
Electronics Show which is just a big
trade show where all the different
companies to make tech products meet up
and they pretty much show off to the
public all the stuff they'll be
releasing in 2015 and this is pretty big
sadly it wasn't able to go it's like the
big tech event of the year but hopefully
in the future I'll be able to attend
more future CSS and maybe even other
trade shows if you guys are interested
sadly it just wasn't able to afford it
with being that my channel is so small
plus I wouldn't even be get to be
invited as press so there's a couple of
areas that I wouldn't be able to go to
and that would just be some pretty
lackluster content and I want to produce
the best stuff I can for you guys so
sadly I wasn't able to go this year now
more importantly we want to talk about
this monitor so hopefully you guys enjoy
this video and let's get the unboxing ok
guys so now let's take a quick tour on
the box so now you can see this is the
Asus VN 2 4 8 23 point 8 inch LCD
monitor now it does have a sistas vivid
pixel technology which is gonna make
images look a much sharper which is
pretty cool if you're watching things
like movies now we also see that this
monitor supports MHL it has two HDMI
ports it has a resolution of 1920 by
1080 it has an IPS panel and it also has
a narrow frame and on the side of the
box we can see that the Asus is tagline
inspiring innovation persistent
perfection we also see a quick little
FAQ sheet that you guys can read over
it's not that much of information but
you can also see that this monitor has a
three year warranty which is really
great as most people buying a 1080p
display right now are probably going to
be just waiting for 4k to drop in price
now here's the unboxing experience
actually be unboxing the product it's
not that crazy you just really need to
use a knife cut a piece of tape and you
can literally open up the box and I sped
this up just so you guys don't have to
sit through the whole thing and like
it's full speed which is actually pretty
slow I just wanted to be very careful
especially when you're dealing with a
monitor they can be damaged pretty
easily the first thing you'll see here
is an HDMI to DVI cable it's really nice
that asus includes this but I rather
would have just had a HDMI cable as my
graphics card will most likely come with
a DVI to HDMI adapter now also we see
here a VGA cable and please if you're
using VGA just created your monitor
really or upgrade your graphics card
also we see some two pieces of reading
weakened reading material you have your
VIP membership card and you also see a
manual now the last cable you find in
the Box is a MHL cable which has micro
USB on one end and an HDMI cable on the
other end and the last thing you
actually pull out besides the monitor is
the stand which looks really nice it has
this faux fake brush smell appearance
looks really nice and it's really
awesome
now here's the actual like removing of
the monitor now here they Isis including
very hard foam which I would have liked
to see something more like soft form
foam as it takes damage very easily much
better and in my panel I actually had or
at least on the foam I had a crack in
the foam which is less to be desired but
it still arrived in full working order
and there was no dead pixels or anything
so hopefully it stays that way
and now we will move on to me just
taking out the panel and you can see the
stand or the arm the monitor attaches to
now sadly it does not have all those
cool features like hide adjust and also
rotation things like that but we do get
a little bit of tilting like I believe
from 5 2 or negative 5 to 20 degrees
which is pretty good and that's now just
me installing the panel which is
actually pretty easy because all you
have to do to install the base plate is
slide it into place and then there's a
little thumb screw that you can use at
the bottom and you can just screw it
into place and that's about it ok guys
so now that we've unbox this guy let me
give you a quick overview of the specs
and we'll end this video ok guys so
here's a quick shot of the monitor all
set up it looks very nice and you can
see that beautiful base at the bottom
and you can also see all those cool
little accents like the Asus logo and
silver now in the back of the monitor
you can see a vase and mounting points
is just really nice especially for a
budget-friendly monitor like this at the
back of the monitor you can see all
those seven button
and also a Kensington lock which allows
you to lock down this monitor in case
you go to like trade shows and stuff
like that and then the inside of the
monitor you can see all the different
ports which are covered normally
including two HDMI ports a VGA port
audio in audio out and an AC power port
okay guys so I'd like to thank you for
watching this video if you did please
give it a big thumbs up and subscribe to
the channel as it really helps out a lot
and they'll keep you up to date whenever
I post a new video also if you didn't
enjoy this video give it a thumbs down
but if you do please leave a comment
down below explaining like what you'd
like to see me improve on in the future
just so I can make these my videos even
better and better as time goes on also
if you want to stay up to date with ever
anything that's going on my personal
life or see some behind the scenes
information you can check out my social
media accounts at the end of the video
there'll be an annotation a couple of
them but there's gonna be a whole list
in the description down below also if
you want to stay up to date with some
other stuff that's going on behind the
scenes
besides my social media accounts you can
also check out my website at
www.texaslatina.com do this video it's
been reprints from the check prints see
ya